### Exercises 31.1-1
***
Prove that there are infinitely many primes. (Hint: how that none of the primes p1, p2, ..., pk divide (p1 p2 ··· pk) + 1.)

### `Answer`

The hint tells us everything.

If we have finite prime numbers{p1,p2,p3,...,pk}. We show that A = (p1 p2 ··· pk) + 1 is neither a composite number nor prime number.

* Becauce we have finite prime numbers, then A is not prime.
* On the other hand, A mod p1 = 1;A mod p2 = 1;...;A mod pk = 1. So, A is not composite.

As a result, we have infinite many primes.



### Exercises 31.1-2
***
Prove that if a | b and b | c, then a | c.

a | b means b = k1a

b | c means c = k2b

So, c = k2b = k1k2a which means a | c

### `Answer`
If p[i] dismatch T[j],next time trace back to j+1;That is,compare from p[0] and T[j+1].

### Exercises 31.1-3
***
Prove that if p is prime and 0 < k < p, then gcd(k, p) = 1.

### `Answer`
Obvious.

### Exercises 31.1-4
***
Prove Corollary 31.5.

### `Answer`
ab = kn

b = n(k/a), because gcd(n,a) = 1,k/a is an integer

b = k'n, k' = k/a

so n | b

### Exercises 31.1-5
***
Prove that if p is prime and 0 < k < p, then ￼ p | (p k). Conclude that for all integers a, b, and primes p, (a+b)p ≡ ap +bp (modp).

### `Answer`
The first is pretty obvious using polynomial expansion.

If solve the first, the second is easy too.

(a+b)^p mod p 

= a^p + b^p + a^1*b^(p-1)(p 1) + ...  mod p

= a^p + b^p mod p

### Exercises 31.1-6
***
Prove that if a and b are any integers such that a | b and b > 0, 

then (x mod b) mod a = x mod a for any x. 

Prove, under the same assumptions, that

x ≡ y mod b) implies x ≡ y (mod a)

for any integers x and y.

### `Answer`
Assume x = ra + b , b = ka

x mod a = b

x mod b = (ra+b)%(ka) = (r%k)a+b

x mod b mod a = (r%k)a % a + b % a = b

### Exercises 31.1-7
***
For any integer k > 0, we say that an integer n is a kth power if there exists an integer a such that ak = n.We say that n > 1 is a nontrivial power if it is a kth power for some integer k > 1. Show how to determine if a given β-bit integer n is a nontrivial power in time polynomial in β.

### `Answer`
I only have naive idea : iterate every number.

### Exercises 31.1-8
***
Prove equations (31.6)–(31.10).

### `Answer`
straightforward

### Exercises 31.1-9
***
Show that the gcd operator is associative. That is, prove that for all integers a, b, and c,
gcd(a, gcd(b, c)) = gcd(gcd(a, b), c).

### `Answer`
Assume a = p1^i1 * p2^i2 * ... * pk^ik

Assume b = p1^j1 * p2^j2 * ... * pk^jk

Assume c = p1^l1 * p2^l2 * ... * pk^lk

gcd(a, gcd(b, c)) = gcd(gcd(a, b), c) = p1^min(i1,j2,k1) * p2^min(i2,j2,k2) * ... *pk^min(ik,jk,lk)

### Exercises 31.1-10
***
Prove Theorem 31.8.

### `Answer`
If the way is not unique, then some combinations of primes are equal to others. However, gcd(prime1, prime2) = 1, so it is not possible.

### Exercises 31.1-11
***
Give efficient algorithms for the operations of dividing a β-bit integer by a shorter integer and of taking the remainder of a β-bit integer when divided by a shorter integer. Your algorithms should run in time O(β2).

### `Answer`
UNSOLVED


### Exercises 31.1-12
***
Give an efficient algorithm to convert a given β-bit (binary) integer to a decimal representation. Argue that if multiplication or division of integers whose length is at most β takes time M(β), then binary-to-decimal conversion can be performed in time Θ(M(β) lg β).
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼
(Hint: Use a divide-and-conquer approach, obtaining the top and bottom halves of the result with separate recursions.)

### `Answer`
[implementation](./exercise_code/binary2decimal.py)

***
Follow [@louis1992](https://github.com/gzc) on github to help finish this task
