### Exercises 33.1-1
***
Prove that if p1 × p2 is positive, then vector p1 is clockwise from vector p2 with respect to the origin (0, 0) and that if this cross product is negative, then p1 is counterclockwise from p2.
### `Answer`

cross-product是一个三维的概念,根据右手规则,若p1在p2的顺时针方向,右手握住拇指出纸面,这时候的面积是正的;否则,面积是负的.


### Exercises 33.1-2
***
Professor Powell proposes that only the x-dimension needs to be tested in line 1 of ON- SEGMENT. Show why the professor is wrong.

### `Answer`
如何一条直线是竖直的话,不仅要检查x值,还要检查y值.

If a line is vertical, it's not enough to check x-value, y-valuealso needs checking.

### Exercises 33.1-3
***
The polar angle of a point p1 with respect to an origin point p0 is the angle of the vector p1 - p0 in the usual polar coordinate system. For example, the polar angle of (3, 5) with respect to (2, 4) is the angle of the vector (1, 1), which is 45 degrees or π/4 radians. The polar angle of (3, 3) with respect to (2, 4) is the angle of the vector (1, -1), which is 315 degrees or 7π/4 radians. Write pseudocode to sort a sequence [p1, p2, ..., pn] of n points according to their polar angles with respect to a given origin point p0. Your procedure should take O(n lg n) time and use cross products to compare angles.
### `Answer`
Here is the basic idea : if we could define the compare function in points by cross product, we could adopt methods like quicksort to sort the points. 

* if p1 > 0, p2 < 0, then p1 < p2.
* else if p1 < 0, p2 > 0, then p1 > p2.
* else if crossproduct(p1, p2) > 0, then p1 < p2
* else p1 > p2

Once we define this compare function, we could call **sort** in the `algorithm` standard library and pass this function as a parameter.

Here is my [implementation](./exercise_code/polarCMP.cpp)

***
Follow [@louis1992](https://github.com/gzc) on github to help finish this task.